Init AI Assistant (#1)
ezvezdov/AI-Driving-Assistant: README.md

## Dependencies

This project relies on the OpenAI API for language model inference.  
You will need a valid **OpenAI API key** to run it.
1. Create an account at [OpenAI](https://platform.openai.com/).
2. Top up your account with credits at [OpenAI Billing](https://platform.openai.com/settings/organization/billing/overview) (5$ is enough).
3. Generate an API key from your [API Keys](https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys) page.
4. Set the key as an environment variable before running the application:
```bash
    # 🐧🍎 POSIX shell (Linux, macOS, BSD, etc.)
   export OPENAI_API_KEY='your-api-key'

   # 🪟 Windows
    setx OPENAI_API_KEY 'your-api-key'
```

## ⚙️ Installation

```bash
# 🐧🍎 POSIX shell (Linux, macOS, BSD, etc.)
git clone https://github.com/ezvezdov/AI-Driving-Assistant.git
cd AI-Driving-Assistant
python -m venv .venv
source .venv/bin/activate
pip install .

# 🪟 Windows
git clone https://github.com/ezvezdov/AI-Driving-Assistant.git
cd AI-Driving-Assistant
python -m venv .venv
.\.venv\Scripts\activate
pip install .
```

## 📚 Preparation: Knowledge Base

### 📂 Structure

> Knowledge Base contain driving regulations, which organized by country and language in `documetns/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Knowledge Base contains driving regulations, organized by country and language in `documents/`.
```

`documents/` folder should have this structure: 
```
documents/
├── Czechia/
│   ├── cs/
│   │   ├── regulation1.pdf
│   │   └── regulation2.pdf
│   └── en/
└── UK/
    └── en/
```
📄 Supported file types: `.pdf`

### 📝 Example documents

> You can create example knowledge base using scripts `scripts/example_documents.sh` and `scripts/example_documents.ps1`: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create example knowledge base using scripts `scripts/example_documents.sh`  (Unix) or `scripts/example_documents.ps1` (Windows): 
```

Author: Fixed at [5359aed6793fa7d6a9f231421f7340c70c6b9cb9](https://github.com/ezvezdov/AI-Driving-Assistant/pull/1/commits/5359aed6793fa7d6a9f231421f7340c70c6b9cb9)
